Granular, Inc. Contributor License Agreement

Version 1.0 This Agreement is between You, the Users, the Contributors, and Granular, Inc. The intent of the Agreement is to clarify your responsibilities as a Contributor. The Agreement is meant to protect You, the Users, the Contributors, and Granular, Inc. from the malicious misdeeds of others. The Agreement is not intended to restrict how You use Your own Contributions. The Agreement is written in plain English to be easily understood by You and all those affected by it. The terms defined below and used throughout this document are capitalized in order to reduce ambiguity, but they should be understood to have their usual colloquial meaning and the singular shall include the plural.

Definitions

"Agreement" - This document. "You" / "Your" - The individual, organization, or corporation signing this Agreement. "Granular, Inc." - The company which manages the Projects. The company's website is at https://granular.ag. "Project" - Open source projects being managed by Granular, Inc. The Projects may all be found at https://github.com/granular-oss. "Contribution" - Code, content, and ideas that are meant to be integrated into Projects. Issues (bug report) and pull requests (suggestions to integrate content) filed on a Project are implicitly Contributions, unless they clearly state up-front, "This is not a contribution." Contributions may take other forms as well, including (but not limited to) email or other more general communication intended to be received by one or more Contributors. "Contributor" - The individuals, organizations, and corporations that provide Contributions. "User" - The individuals, organizations, and corporations which make use of the Projects. Making use of a Project includes (but is not limited to) compiling and/or running its content, taking some action which causes its content to be used, copying its content, distributing its content, modifying its content, and even taking its content and/or ideas for a less direct purpose.

License Agreement When You provide a Contribution to a Project:

You assert that the Contribution was authored by You. You license that Contribution under the terms of the license of that Project. More specifically, You grant a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free irrevocable patent license for Your Contribution to the Users, the Contributors, and Granular, Inc. You assert that You have the authority and are able to license Your Contribution under the license of that Project. If You do not have sole rights to intellectual property that You create which may include Your Contribution, then You assert that other interested parties have granted You explicit permission to license the Contribution on behalf of all interested parties. Interested parties may include, but are not limited to Your employer.

Furthermore:

You assert that You have the authority and are able to enter into this Agreement. If You become aware of a problem with any of Your Contributions or with the fact that You have signed this Agreement, then You agree to inform Granular, Inc. about the problem, without any undue delay.

This software is distributed without any warranty. To the extent possible under law, Granular, Inc. has dedicated all copyright and related and neighboring rights to the text of this license to the public domain worldwide. See http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/.